## This game requires atleast Java 1.8, which can be downloaded from:
### https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javase8-archive-downloads.html#license-lightbox

### Instructional Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6G5KVP8m1g

## To play the game, simply download the [AAS1_Unessay.jar](https://github.com/Jawblado/AAS1-Unessay-Vietnamese-Refugee-Story/blob/main/AAS1_Unessay.jar) file and run it. (WINDOWS ONLY)

Project Statement:
	For this Unessay project, I wanted to target CLO 2 and a bit of CLO 4 by following the story of a Vietnamese Refugee who comes to America. I wanted to create something using my computer science background that would better demonstrate the experiences of Asian Americans. I realize that while you can read an article and gain an understanding of a topic, being actively engaged and interacting with the media makes things more memorable and meaningful. My proposition is a text-based game run on the Windows command prompt that allows you to make decisions as you navigate fleeing Vietnam under the communist regime following the Vietnam war. You will be able to decide how your character interacts with different situations and affect their final outcome. I want to give a sense of weight to the decisions you make by having them affect future decisions later on. This game format allows the user to immerse themselves in the shoes of a potential immigrant facing the struggles that come with fleeing one’s country. By partially experiencing the struggles that refugees have gone through, I hope that the user of the program can develop a better sense of empathy and understanding towards Asian Americans as well as refugees and migrants in general. I also hope to dispel common stereotypes and damaging misconceptions about immigrants. This relates to CLO 2 and 4 because I will demonstrate the resilience and bravery of Asian Americans, as well as other cultural capital while also identifying their shared experiences. In order to produce this product, I first want to create a story-board or decision tree diagram so I can plan out every possible ending as well as how some actions might affect others down the line. Due to limited time and resources, the game might be rather short, but I still want to deliver a concise narrative that accurately paints the experience of fleeing the country. Once I have the story written out and proofread, then I’ll code the systems required to accept user input, and display the story. Finally, I’ll create a function for each block of the story and make different function calls depending on which way the story is going. I want my final product to be a clickable file that is easy to use for everyone. Unfortunately, my technical knowledge will only allow me to have it run on Windows machines.
